.TH GITLOG.SH 1 "October 31, 2024" "Version 2.0.1" "Git Log Report Generator"
.SH NAME
gitlog.sh \- Generate Git log reports for multiple repositories

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B gitlog.sh
[\fB-h\fR | \fB--help\fR]
[\fB-v\fR | \fB--version\fR]
[\fB-g\fR | \fB--generate\fR]
[\fB-a\fR | \fB--author\fR \fIauthor_name\fR]
[\fB-s\fR | \fB--since\fR \fIdate\fR]
[\fB-n\fR | \fB--name\fR \fIrepository_name\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBgitlog.sh\fR is a script that helps generate Git logs for multiple repositories with ease.
This tool automates the collection of Git log information for a specific author over a defined time period.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-h\fR, \fB--help\fR
Displays a help message with a list of all available options and exits.

.TP
\fB-v\fR, \fB--version\fR
Displays the version number of \fBgitlog.sh\fR and exits.

.TP
\fB-g\fR, \fB--generate\fR
Initiates the log generation process based on the specified or configured parameters.

.TP
\fB-a\fR \fIauthor_name\fR, \fB--author\fR \fIauthor_name\fR
Specifies the author name to filter Git logs. Overrides the author configured in the settings file.

.TP
\fB-s\fR \fIdate\fR, \fB--since\fR \fIdate\fR
Specifies the starting date for filtering Git logs. This should be in the format \fIYYYY-MM-DD\fR. Overrides the configured date in the settings file.

.TP
\fB-n\fR \fIrepository_name\fR, \fB--name\fR \fIrepository_name\fR
Specifies the repository name to target for the Git logs. Matches with the JSON configuration files in \fB~/.config/gitlog/repositories/\fR.

.SH CONFIGURATION
The script uses a configuration file located at \fB~/.config/gitlog/setting.conf\fR with default parameters:
.RS
.PD 0
.IP * 2
repository: Default repository name
.IP * 2
author: Default author name
.IP * 2
since: Default date in the format YYYY-MM-DD
.PD
.RE

.SH REPOSITORIES CONFIGURATION
Each repository list should be in a JSON file located at \fB~/.config/gitlog/repositories/\fR, named according to the repository name.
Each file should contain paths to the repositories in an array format. Example for \fBsample.json\fR:
.EX
[
    "path/to/first/repo",
    "path/to/second/repo"
]
.EE

.SH OUTPUT
Logs are generated in the directory:
\fB~/.logs/gitlog/<author>/<since-date>/<repository-name>.txt\fR

.SH EXAMPLES
Generate a log report for a specific author since a given date:
.EX
gitlog.sh --generate --author "superadmin" --since "2022-10-01" --name "sample"
.EE

.SH FILES
.TP
\fB~/.config/gitlog/setting.conf\fR
Default configuration file with repository name, author, and date.

.TP
\fB~/.config/gitlog/repositories/*.json\fR
Repository files in JSON format listing the paths to each repository.

.SH SEE ALSO
.B git-log(1)

.SH AUTHOR
Written by caesar003

